# RUAthletics
Application Interview for Rutgers Mobile Application Development Club

# What does this application do?
This app is designed to provide easy and quick access to athletics and general events happenning in the rutgers community in a mobile friendly way. It is designed to spur engangment in the Rutgers community by helping inform students of what is happening around them.

# What does this program help solve?
Rutgers is an extremely large university and it can be hard to keep track of all the events that are happenning. This app allows you to keep tabs on whats coming so you never miss an event. With the all the upcoming events for the next 7 days displayed, you'll never miss a date and you might something new you're interested in. In addition, its lets you keep up to tab on all rutgers sports, with all events and scores consolidated in one place.

# Why did I design the application this way?
The application is designed with a slide out navigation menu to allow support for added features. The tab menu serves only to take up screen real estate and limtis possible expansion to at most 2 or 3 new items. With a slide out navigation bar, you can maintain your current navigation infrastructure and still expand. The Athletics Newspage utilizes a psuedo-card view. The Rutgers Athletics page is not heavily populated, so to bolster the size of the newspage larger cards with spaces are added. To ensure this space is properly used, thumbnails are displayed to give readers a visual representation of what they are reading. The General Events page, conversely, is heavily populated and does not make use of the spacious card view for that reason. It contains a title and a corresponding description box, so that readers can get a short summary before deciding whether or not to click the event. Both pages when clicked open up a browser that displays the corresponding webpage for the article clicked. The browser has navigable buttons so students can go back and forth through the rutgers webpage. Lastly, the General Events page notably saves all tags contained in RSS page. This provides support for a future implementation where when the tablecell is clicked it instead opens a locall generated full view. All the information contained on the general events website is already saved within the app. Displaying this information in a locally generated view, saves data and battery.
